Previously on "Fear Factor:
House Of Fear"...
Cheerleader.
We can just get the girls out.
Everyone knows girls
are scared of snakes. spiders.
creepy crawlers.
Giddy-up!
Hold on!
Ethan and Damienne.
you will pick one person
to send to our Endgame.
None of the ladies going in.
We pick Dida. and Dida picks
the three other people.
I'm sorry.
That's what we're doing.
- So who are you putting in?
- My boy Zach.
Every single Endgame.
I keep getting thrown in.
- How about a little cow tongue?
- Unh-uh!
If Rodney finds his match first.
Dida is eliminated.
- It's a battle.
- Oh!
- Oh. my gosh.
- Dida is safe from elimination.
Atta-boy. D!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I'm not scared at all
or intimidated.
Dude. I'm telling you.
I'm so pissed.
What's stressing you out?
I've literally been
over twice now.
- Twice.
- We gotta win.
There's nothing we can do
if we're not winning.
- I know.
- It's simple and plain.
I've been pissed off
all night.
Dida. he threw me
into another Endgame.
Tried twice now to get me out.
Y'all giving a 20
and 21-year-old thinking that
they run this game.
At the end of the day.
it's those two
against everybody.
The plan was
to just get the girls out.
But now I've changed
my whole view of everything.
who I want to go home.
I'm going to do exactly
what I have to do
to keep going
and that's all there is to it.
Don't you ever scare me
like that again.
I almost lost my closest ally
in this game
and I would
have been screwed.
- You were stressing. I know.
- I was stressing.
We don't want to go
into any other Endgames
because that could be
the end of our road.
Elimination is not
where we want to be.
Zach. you literally
do something for a living
that is actually
so terrifying to me.
Like. I can't watch
those coal mining movies.
like. where they're trapped.
- Gives me a panic attack.
- I don't think of it like that.
When you're coal mining.
you don't think of
all the possibilities
of what could go wrong?
No. I just think of my daughter.
First day. you know.
arriving at the coal mines.
I was nervous. anxious.
Kind of felt like
I could puke.
but I didn't have
a choice to back out.
I had to provide for my
daughter. so I had to buck up
and keep going.
I want to show her
when stuff gets hard.
just keep pushing
and you can to achieve it.
Everybody else
can go get bent.
So that's how you maintain
so calm under pressure?
Because when
I do think about it.
then that's when I mess up.
Yeah.
- Teach me to dance. y'all.
- All right.
- She wants to learn.
- You're learning it?
- Yeah.
- Okay. so you go--
so. on the jump you go.
one. two.
and then step is three.
and then hips is four.
And then it's like.
one. two. three.
- Oh. so we hold
each other's arms. This.
- Yep.
One. two. three.
four. five. six.
Damienne: Back home.
I'm very loud. outgoing.
I'm very friendly.
and people love me.
And the hips.
one. two. three. four.
At this point in the game.
my strategy is
to make sure I'm likable
so I know my personality
in this house
is going to keep me
in this house.
- Two. three. four.
- Oh. look. look!
Oh. my God. y'all. look!
- Was that a shark or a whale?
- Whale or a shark or a dolphin.
A whale!
- It's a whale!
- What?
Oh. my God. it's a whale!
- That was so clear as day.
- It was so big.
- That's a killer whale.
- Those are more dangerous
than great white sharks.
What if we have to swim
in that. though?
- If I was thrown out
into our view alone--
- Mm-hmm. Open water.
Open water. I would be.
like. panicking.
Do you know how long
you can hold your breath for?
- No. I've never had to do that.
- Scary.
- Yeah.
- I'm from Florida.
I live in L.A..
but I do not like the ocean.
When I was a kid.
I got pulled into a rip current.
I choked on water.
I don't like the thought
of drowning.
That is probably
one of my biggest fears.
I feel like I kind of should
have practiced something
- or started to face that fear.
- But you have that mindset.
I mean. you saw yourself
in the first Endgame.
You would have
sat in rats all night.
you know what I mean?
So I feel like you could
overcome anything because
you have that mindset.
- Good support. Good support.
- Yeah. yeah. I'm here for you.
- Thank you. That's what I need.
- You'll be fine.
- Oh. gosh.
- What is this crane?
- Ooh.
- Oh. my God.
- I don't like open water.
- Shut up.
- Hello!
- What is this. dude?
- Oh. no.
- It's so cold.
- No thanks.
- Johnny. you making me sick.
- My goodness.
- I need to see a therapist
at this point.
You driving me crazy.
Welcome to your next challenge.
We call it The Deep.
It will test your fear
of open water. drowning.
- and freezing temperatures.
- I have all of those.
Remember when you saw those
killer whales in the water?
We're just up the road
from that. but I wouldn't
worry about them.
It's the sharks
I would be thinking of.
Oh. man.
You will be harnessed to this.
Oh. my God.
- Oh. my God.
- Oh.
What is that?
- Oh. my God.
- Damn.
Oh. my God.
What is that?
Like. what is it?
Johnny: Let me tell you
how this will work.
First. you will form two teams.
You will each be
harnessed and placed
on that medieval steel rack
one team at a time
and swung out far to sea.
When I sound the air horn.
your team will be plunged
into the icy.
100-foot deep open ocean.
You will never know
for how long you'll be forced
to stay underwater.
Your team will be dunked
again and again and again for
increasing lengths of time.
If this ever becomes too much.
just pull the quick release
strap on your harness
and you'll be released
to swim to safety.
- Oh. man.
- The team that
lasts the longest
before three people quit wins
and will be safe
from elimination.
They will get to choose one
player from the losing team
for the Endgame.
I was born
in Kingston. Jamaica.
and one time we went swimming
right before a hurricane.
I started getting
pulled out by the current.
and if my dad
hadn't been there to grab me
and pull me back in.
I would have drowned.
I am not ready for this.
We did a random draw
for two teams of five.
On team one. we got Lance.
Rob. Blake. Chelsea.
and Jayleen.
On team two. we got Damienne.
Ethan. Dida. Danielle.
and Zachary.
I look at my team
and Ethan and Dida are on it.
and I just start thinking.
like. this might be
an opportunity.
Maybe I should just throw this
and let them be
up for the Endgame.
Who's ready to go?
Team one. time to get wet.
Team two. you won't know
how the team performs
because you will be
in isolation.
I'll see you soon.
Think warm thoughts.
- Hee. hee. Ooh!
- Aah!
- Don't drown. y'all. please.
- Love you. girl.
Everybody make sure
you can take a full breath.
Deepest breath you can.
Just go to that happy place.
Deep down inside.
I'm struggling.
I could be frozen to death.
A killer whale could come
and snatch all five of us up.
I literally cannot handle
the unpredictability.
Cue the crane!
Heh. heh. heh. heh.
Oh. unh-uh!
Deepest breath you can.
Remember. if you don't
hit 20 contractions.
you probably
still got more in you.
Everybody's freaking out
about this challenge.
especially Jayleen.
I've got an advantage here
because I've got some
experience diving.
But one time.
I came up coughing blood.
Water is seriously dangerous.
and you could die at any moment
here if something goes wrong.
Ready. set. go!
We got this. Stay focused.
This water hits me like
a thousand needles.
And the air is freezing cold.
Get me the hell out of here.
Breath in.
Get ready for the big one.
Johnny: You got this.
Stop. stop. stop. stop!
Oh. here we go.
Hang on! The team that
survives being repeatedly
held underwater
the longest wins.
That was the first dip!
- Holy.
- Having fun?
You got this. Lance.
Stay calm.
- Stay calm. Everybody calm.
- I'm trying. I'm trying. y'all.
I'm totally am about
to get hypothermia.
Oh. that was a 30-second dip.
It's going to get so much worse.
- No. I can't.
- Hey. calm down.
Slow breaths. everybody.
- It's so tough. I can't.
- You got this. You got this.
Slow breaths.
Johnny:
This time they're under
for 40 seconds.
I don't know if
I can hold my breath 40 seconds.
Uh-oh.
- Rob. I can't.
- Jayleen. you're good.
You're okay. You're okay.
This challenge
is straight-up torture.
This is waterboarding.
And it's agonizing
not knowing how long
we have to stay
on this torture device.
Yeah. they have no clue
how long they're staying under.
They just got to hold their
breath and trust nobody quits.
This is a 60-second dunk
in 40-degree water.
No one is allowed to quit!
I mean. you are. But don't.
Jayleen: I'm so cold.
Can't believe
how much I'm shaking.
I can't stop.
That is no walk in the park.
Hypothermia. muscle spasms.
exhaustion. all setting in.
Oh. man.
It's freezing. It's freeze--
Johnny: Oh.
Jayleen is out.
Girl. what happened?
Four people are still
on the rig.
Two others quit
and then their team is kaput.
Cold water is me up.
Johnny:
This one is 90 seconds.
And we got
a safety diver in there in case
anything goes wrong.
but I would not want to
be them right now.
- Blake is done.
- Blake pulled the buoy.
- Oh. my God.
- Let's try and stay calm here.
- Blake. what happened?
- I took in water
and started flailing
and I had to pull it.
Johnny: It's understandable.
That cold water sucks.
And not knowing how long
you're going to be under?
All right. guys. Hang on.
Because the clock stops
when the next person quits.
Tide's coming in.
Oh. Lord.
Rob. Lance. Chelsea still going.
Come on. guys.
Cold.
- Aw. Chelsea quit!
- I'm sorry.
That's time!
A fear was overcame
for Lance today.
We really put up a great
performance and hopefully it
stands righteous.
Good job. guys.
It's going to be a hard
time to beat.
- I'm here to warm you up.
- Warm yourself up first.
You did great. You killed it.
I just faced
a huge fear of mine.
All right. go get warm. guys.
This. as cold as it was.
ignited a flame inside of me
to push myself to limits
because I know
I can do it now.
Strap in. team two.
It's your turn on the rack.
Oh. God. be with me.
- God. please.
- Feel like I'm not
going to be able
- to even breathe with this.
- I can't get a deep breath.
Oh. my God.
Coming to "Fear Factor."
drowning was my biggest fear.
I went out into the pool
with my husband and he's like.
"We need to practice
holding your breath
because I know
you're not good at that."
I barely lasted 30 seconds.
This is not where I want to be
and not what I want to do.
You got this.
Ignore the freezing water.
Expect the cold.
We have to smoke
this other team.
Ethan and Dida are literally
running this house.
Let's get rid of them.
If I just throw this.
then they could be up
for the Endgame.
I always say risk it
for the biscuit.
Everything's on the line
right here for me.
It's going to be cold.
I know that.
On ready. set. go. it begins.
Ready. set. go.
- Oh. my God.
- It's all good. Keep breathing.
Breathe.
- Oh. my God!
- You're on a ride. Damienne.
- Lord. please. Lord. please.
- Deep breaths. deep breaths.
Johnny: And we're starting
with 30 seconds.
but. uh. hee. hee.
it only gets worse from here.
I already can't breathe.
It is freezing.
Oh. my God!
Please. this is my--
- It's all good.
Keep breathing. breathe!
- Oh. my God!
- You got this.
- I can't do it.
Damienne's out.
Two more people quit.
this whole team will be
up for elimination.
- Damn.
- How hard was the plunge
underwater?
- That is cold.
- It looks cold.
Ooh. y'all. please hang
in there. Let's go!
- Yes!
- Whoo!
That was hard.
Zach: My plan is just
to hold on until three
other people are left.
That'll be believable.
But I really don't know
how many times
I can go under there
and hold it maxed out.
Johnny:
40 seconds under.
- Oh. jeez. this is tense.
- Oh. my gosh. I'm going to
have an anxiety attack.
Please don't release. Danielle.
Oh. my God. Let's go!
- Johnny: Yeah!
- Let's go!
I'm not even gonna lie.
That was so
hard there.
- Oh. my God!
- Really cold. actually.
Yes!
- Damienne: Y'all got this.
- What's that fin in the water?
- You see the fin?
- They might need to just
get bit real quick.
We gotta last.
Please stay under.
I see the bubbles.
Johnny: Dida has quit.
- Oh. my God.
- Three people still on the rig.
One more person comes off.
time stops.
- Let's go!
- Struggling.
Zach. you got this.
You're in the mines. boy.
You got this.
I think this is all
I'm going to have
after this one.
- You got this.
- I got to do it now.
I clearly told them
I was going to be a tornado
and stir it all up.
Please hang in there!
Oh. my God.
You got this. Zach. Zach!
This could stir it up so bad.
no one will be safe.
Zach!
Oh. my God!
Johnny:
You guys have three people
on the rig still.
One more person gets off.
your time stops.
I think this is all
I'm going to have
after this one.
Oh. my God.
You got this. Zach.
It's down to three.
and if I tap out.
then the clock stops.
Can't be a chicken now.
It's time to throw this.
cause some chaos.
and now you better watch out.
Y'all got this. y'all.
Please. y'all got this.
Zach is done.
Time has stopped.
I just had to do it.
I really am.
And. yeah.
at the end of the day.
I like to mess with people.
It's just who I am.
- I-- I drank water.
- That's okay.
Ugh. Damn it. dude.
We don't actually know
how well the other team did.
but I'm not feeling good.
I thought we'd last
a little bit longer
than this at least.
All the what-ifs are hitting me.
and I don't want
to go to the Endgame.
You know.
what if they do put me in?
What if this
is the end of my road?
All right. everybody.
that was really impressive.
And for some of you.
that was your greatest fear.
is drowning.
- Yes. it was.
- It just comes down
to which team
lasted the longest.
The winning team is...
Team one!
Yes! Oh. my God!
You win the challenge
and are safe from elimination.
I'm so proud of you.
Oh. my God. I'm proud of you!
My team won a challenge where
my biggest fear was a factor.
It's a beautiful feeling.
And I have to thank Rob for
pushing all of us through it.
Like. without his words
of encouragement.
I don't think any of us
could have done this.
- You guys killed it.
You guys killed it.
- Rob led this team so well.
I'm not trying to show my cards.
I'm really working on
not showing my cards here.
But. yeah. like.
heh. that's what I wanted.
I want them to be scared
of going home.
The winners will pick one person
to send to our Endgame.
But there's a new twist.
What?
. dude.
That person will choose only one
other loser to compete against
in a head-to-head elimination.
- Wow.
- Oh. my God.
So choose wisely.
because there's a 50-50
chance of going home.
- Oh. my God.
- I'm so pissed right now.
Well. that's not good.
I definitely approached
that challenge the wrong way.
and it could turn out bad.
It's a one-on-one challenge.
and that's a whole
different twist.
You guys head back
to Fear House.
God.
Get this thing off me!
This was a huge day for me.
I mean. I know it didn't end
how we wanted it to.
- Mm-hmm.
- ...but I honestly
can't believe
that I was able to do that.
Well. you did it. And. I mean.
you did a great job.
In terms of fears.
one of the--
- it was actually
the hardest one for me...
- Like. the top one.
- Yeah.
- ...and I can't believe it.
I tried as long as I could.
but in the end.
it wasn't good enough.
It's not on you. It was on
all five of us. though.
Yeah. but in the end.
we both know it'll be on me.
So who do we have on the table?
Let's lay them out.
We've got Danielle. Damienne.
Zach. Ethan. and Dida.
I think we know
if we pick one of the women.
they're going to pick
the other woman.
They're not going to
want to go against a man.
- Truth.
- Ethan and Dida.
If you were in their shoes.
what would you do?
They're going to do
what they feel is best--
self-preservation.
I think they would
pick Damienne.
Blake is my ally.
so our minds immediately
kick into overdrive
about making sure that our girls
Damienne and Danielle are safe.
What do you guys think?
Who would Zach pick?
I think Zach would actually
pick one of the boys. The boys
has definitely been--
I think he'll pick
one of the boys.
If they have shot at him twice.
I think it's a way for him
to show. like. "I'm a boss.
Either you go big or go home."
Is anybody going to feel some
type of way if he does go in.
and he does pick a woman.
and that woman goes home?
Like. are you going to
be like we should have done
something different?
- Or is this our safest--
- What other option--
There's nothing else
we can do.
I think the best chance for it
to be a male mano a mano
- would be Zach. for me.
- Okay.
I'm really proud of you.
I kept looking over.
- and I'm like.
"You're still here?"
- I know! Yeah.
- You're like.
"Everyone's still on?"
- Yeah.
I'm really surprised.
I'm really shocked.
I didn't think
I could do that at all.
And you did such a great job
leading everybody.
- Thank you.
- That was really cute...
- ...and motivational.
- Mm-hmm.
- No.
- What are you saving for?
I have to be taken out
on a date first.
So she wants a date.
I pick up signals.
if you haven't noticed.
- when we're-- oh.
- That?
Okay.
Your hair keeps. like.
getting stuck in your lips.
- Oh. no!
- What is that?
- Hey!
- This is not good.
- What is that?
- Somebody open the damn door.
- Oh!
- No way.
You've got to be kidding me.
- Wait.
- Look who's here.
- Guess who?
- What the hell?
What does this mean?
Oh. no!
- What is that?
- Johnny: Hey!
- Somebody open the damn door.
- Oh!
- Hello!
- Johnny? What--
What does this mean?
I didn't interrupt anything.
did I?
- No. you're good.
- Nothing. Clothes are still on.
- Johnny's here!
- Get in here.
- No way.
- What are you doing
in our house?
Oh. my gosh.
You guys are halfway through
the competition.
and I am proud of each
and every one of you.
And so I thought we could
have a little party tonight.
Hell. yeah!
Yeah?
- Party!
- Hell. yeah!
Oontz. oontz. oontz. oontz!
- Follow me.
- Let's go.
You got tequila?
It's so fun having Johnny here.
I had a little bit of a crush
on him growing up.
and he's aging real fine.
- All right. cheers.
- Cheers!
- You have made it
to the halfway point.
- Shots with Johnny!
- Johnny. you should
just spend the night with us.
- I want-- I want gossip.
- Yeah. okay.
- And I want to talk
about some things.
- Get the real real?
- 'Cause I love it.
I'm so excited that
Johnny's here for a party.
- Cheers. Let's do it.
- Thank you.
We get to sit back and relax.
I know the people that
didn't win today's challenge
are feeling kind of bummed.
but I love a party.
What's going on
with you and Rob?
He's actually a really good guy.
He's a really good guy.
And I very much appreciate
his support here.
I think outside
of here. normally.
that's not
what I would go for.
Yeah. he's like an athlete type.
One of my exes? Fully tatted.
forehead tat. eyelid tats.
- Like--
- Unemployed. Just kidding.
No. he was. That was why...
Can you watch and just tell me
what to do differently?
- You start at your ankles.
- It's not that easy.
Just go like this.
Whoo!
- No?
- I'm just hanging out.
You heard him.
Go enjoy your time.
I mean. I guess I always kind of
felt like the black sheep.
Like. I don't fit in
the boys' club-- all meatheads
and muscled up.
I wouldn't be friends
with them outside of here.
They probably would've
never even spoke to me.
I understand that.
but Johnny's here.
This is like
your dream.
Yeah. I know that.
but I'm not in the mood
at all right now.
I really want
to send all of them home.
Let's get rid of them.
It's going to make my life
a lot easier.
Miss Damienne.
are you having fun with this?
At first.
it was a little stressful.
I'm not going to lie.
That first challenge...
Oh. my God. Oh. my God!
...and then the second
challenge stressed me out.
- Yeah.
- After each challenge.
I feel like I've built
more confidence each day.
And I'm like. if I can face
these things that Johnny
is making us do every day.
the real world is.
like. nothing.
Well. yeah.
you see that you have tools
to face the fears.
and then they don't
hold you back.
Yeah. Although the $200.000.
I really need
and want it. right?
But I feel like the Fear House
has brought so much light
and excitement to my life.
- It really has. like--
- Well. you've brought so much
excitement to the Fear House.
You're like the brightest light
- out here in this whole bay.
- Thank you.
So never forget that.
You know what? I am.
You right.
Oh.
You said you wanted a date.
Cute. Nice work.
Does this beat
hanging on the couch?
Yeah. Cheers to our win.
Hell. yeah. I don't want to
think about the game.
What do you want to think about?
- What?
- Will you just come over here?
- What was that?
You can come over here.
I'm here for the competition.
but I feel like
after the water challenge.
feelings are growing.
Thanks for the date.
- Cheers!
- I'm in my zone. girl.
If only my beer
was a little colder.
What are you thinking
about everything?
I don't think I have a problem
at all beating any of them.
It's just sucks
'cause there's only two.
- Two. It's less of a chance.
- Exactly.
- So it's harder.
- Zachary is a loose cannon.
I need to make sure
we're putting all the boys
against each other to ensure
that my allies stay safe.
I really want you here.
I need you here.
People have wronged you
in this game.
Dida picked you
for the Endgame.
and you literally devoured
every single one of them.
You just got to put
that game face on.
Sometimes you got to show them.
like. keep playing with you.
and you will be the one sending
them back to their mommies.
Everybody come
into the living room!
- Wait.
- I'm scared!
What is happening here?
Now I have the heebie-jeebies.
I don't know what to expect.
but it can't be good.
Johnny:
Not only did I bring
the party tonight.
- I also brought the Endgame.
- No!
Oh!
Johnny!
Unfortunately. one of you
is going to be
eliminated tonight.
right here. right now.
Here I am thinking I'm about
to get over losing today.
Johnny shows up.
and he's not letting us forget
that we're in
the House of Fear.
Johnny. you are psychotic.
- Oh.
- Unh-uh.
- Oh. my God.
- No.
We see the Endgame
for the first time.
and it's like two boxes
and there's a straitjacket.
It looks intense.
and it's a 50% chance
of going home.
I'm so glad I'm not in it.
Johnny: This is your
elimination challenge.
We call this one
The Great Escape.
It will test your fears
of tight spaces.
blindness. and immobility.
And for this challenge.
you will be in these.
This elimination will be
between just two people.
a head-to-head race
to the finish.
Here's how it's going to work.
You will be blindfolded
and put into the straitjacket.
Then you'll be locked up
inside of these glass chambers.
No!
- No.
- Johnny: When I say go.
you've got to do
everything you can
to escape the straitjacket
and the blindfold.
There is a limited supply
of air in those chambers.
so the more you struggle.
the more air
you're going to use.
- What?
- So once you're free from
the straitjacket.
then find the correct key
out of the 40 keys
to unlock your door.
You've got to work
your way out of the chamber
and hit this red button.
The first person
to do this wins.
The loser. unfortunately.
will be eliminated.
I am so worried right now.
Who ever wants to be
put in a straitjacket?
So. Jayleen. Chelsea.
Rob. Lance. and Blake.
you won our challenge.
and you will get to pick
the person to put
into the elimination.
Who do you want to put into
the straitjacket and why?
Johnny. it's a really
tough one for us.
but this person can bring up
a bit of a negative attitude
or be a bit of a wild card.
and that person is Zachary.
All right. Zach. please stand
- in front of this chamber.
- All right.
I should have guessed
Mr. Rogers. you know.
AKA Rob. was going to say
my name. and he did.
But how am I going to do this?
I've never played
with a straitjacket.
I don't know anything
about a straitjacket.
I don't want to suffocate.
I'm terrified.
- I'm scared.
- Does anyone want to plead
their case to Zach
about why they shouldn't
be in the Endgame?
Um. I've put you
in a bunch of Endgames.
so I could see
why you would pick me.
- Mm-hmm.
- But I'll probably beat you.
- Yeah. maybe.
- Never know.
Could be your muscles
might be too big.
Might not be able to get
to your back. you know.
I'd put up a good fight. though.
- Yeah.
- Zach. please.
I have severe claustrophobia.
Please don't put me
in that box. Zach. Please.
I'm skinny as . bro.
I'm just going to slide out
right out of there.
- just to be honest.
- Johnny: All right.
Who are you going to pick
to face off with you
in this elimination?
I didn't think
it was going to be hard.
but this decision is a lot
harder than I thought.
I'm going to make a lot
of people mad. I feel like.
All right.
what are you thinking?
Who's the name?
I guess it's going to be me
and Damienne.
No.
- That's so...
- No way. No.
Are you kidding me right now?
At the end of the day.
I want to stay. you know?
Oh. my God.
- Aww.
- They could have chose Ethan
who said he was going to
throw me out.
But Rob chose me. I mean--
- No. we chose you.
- No. we.
- It was a group.
- It's not Rob.
Okay. well. that's fine.
and at the end of the day.
you guys have to live
the decision.
Says the person who wanted
to be Billy bad-ass
and beat all these tough guys.
I mean. yeah.
I do want to beat them.
It's kind of interesting
that you going at Rob.
I do want to beat 'em.
but. I mean. let's be honest.
I looked at Dida.
I looked at Ethan.
and. I mean.
I chickened out.
Like. I'm going to choose
somebody that I feel like
I'm going to have
an equal shot against.
It's eat or be eaten.
And you know what?
I'm not trying
to be eaten at all.
Oh! I'm about
to pass out already.
I'm in the Endgame
for the very first time
with one of my biggest fears.
confinement.
And I'm going against
somebody...
...who looks like he's been
in a straitjacket before.
God. it's hotter
than hell in here.
I have to put up a fight
because I have to make sure
that he never forgets
the strength of a woman.
Johnny: Remember.
as each second goes by.
you will be running out
of oxygen inside the chamber.
Try not to panic.
But if you do.
look towards camera.
Calm my nerves. Jesus.
- Are you ready?
- Mm.
You're locked
in your straitjackets.
You got your keys behind you.
All right.
Ready. set. go!
- You got it. sister.
- Go. girl. Let's go. girl.
You got it. sister.
Take your blindfold off.
Let's go. girl.
Whoa. Damienne got out quick.
Zach is still working
to get out of his.
There is a difference from
claustrophobia of a. like.
coal mine where I work
and a straitjacket.
The straitjacket is literally
as tight as can be.
like. making it hard
to breathe.
- Go. girl.
- Take your blindfold off.
Good job.
Good job. Work on the rest.
- There you go.
- Get that off of you.
- My goodness.
- Pull it down.
You got it. You got it.
- Work it. girl.
Zach's catching up. though.
Being in a confined space
brings me back to that night
that our house caught on fire.
We could not escape the house.
and the fire was getting
closer and closer to us.
I am hyperventilating
right now.
Don't worry about that one.
- Zach's on his back.
- Good job! Good job!
Damienne's on her back.
Oh. Damienne's getting that off.
Slide that off. Good job.
Good job. Damienne!
Good job. Get the key!
- Let's go. Damienne!
- She is working on those keys.
- Oh. my God!
- Let's go. sister!
Look at Damienne go!
Zach's still working
to get out of his.
He's still working.
Oh. he's got a way to go.
Let's go. Damienne!
- Let's go. sister!
- She's working on the keys.
- She's three or four keys in.
- Come on! You got a lead!
- He doesn't have
the straitjacket off yet.
- Focus! Focus!
One at a time.
Don't get it mixed up.
- Oh. my gosh.
- Focus!
- Focus! Come on!
- Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
- Oh. my God.
- Come on. sister.
- me.
- Focus! Come on!
Oh. my God. This is crazy.
Now Zach is on the keys.
Only one of those keys
will open the lock.
Zach's got a lot of keys
to get through.
- Don't get flustered.
Just focus on the next key.
- Just work on the next key.
Come on. Damienne.
Don't get the keys mixed up.
Remember. your air supply
inside your chamber is limited.
- Stay calm!
- My heart is pumping.
I'm struggling for air.
I'm trying to find
the right key.
- I'm feeling trapped.
- Oh. man. This is close.
None of these
keys are working!
Go. go!
- Come on!
- - None of these keys are working!
Oh. man. This is close.
Come on!
- You got it. girl.
- You got it. baby. You got it.
- She got the lock off.
- Come on! Open it. Open it.
- Get the chain off!
Get the chain off!
- Open it!
Now press the button!
Come on!
Johnny:
Now Zach got the lock off.
- Damienne. push! Hurry up!
- It's neck and neck!
- Yeah! Yes!
- Zach got it.
Whoa!
- Oh. my gosh.
- Johnny: That was so close.
- Oh. my God.
- ...kidding me.
Johnny: Damienne actually
got the lock off first.
but Zach got out first.
and he beat Damienne
to the button by
a fraction of a second.
- No way.
- Wow. that was--
that was so close.
Don't matter.
You showed up and
showed out. baby.
- That was crazy. That was--
- You did that. girl.
- You showed up and showed the out.
- - Good job. Damienne.
Damienne.
you fought really hard.
You got out of your
jacket so quick.
And you have...
- Sorry.
- Mm.
Oh. that hurts. bro.
You done really good.
- You beat me. for sure.
- It's not about you right now.
- It's not about you.
- Okay.
- We're all going to miss you.
- Yep.
Man.
Um...
I know tonight.
fear was a factor.
but leaving here...
I know it's not
going to be for you.
So please say your
goodbyes to everyone.
Although I'm sad to go home.
being in this house
has reminded me
of the joy that
I bring to people's life.
And regardless
of all the hurt.
the heartache.
the pain. the losses.
God has so much more
in store for me.
- You did great.
- Thank you.
I know it got emotional. but it
was wonderful to meet you.
You did wonderful.
- Bye. Damienne.
- Good luck. Damienne.
- Love you!
I love you!
Look. eliminations
are always tough.
but you are halfway
through the competition
and so much closer to
one of you winning $200.000.
We had a hell of a party.
but please go get some rest
because the next 24 hours
are going to be pure hell
and painful.
I will see you at dawn.
Nighty-night.
At the end of the day.
I'm glad I won.
It sucks that
Damienne went home.
but we just met
all these people.
It's not like they're
lifelong friends with us.
We don't know them.
It's like taking the trash out.
Like. it doesn't affect me.
I'm going to keep fighting.
Zach can rot.
and I can't wait until this day
that you leave the game.
If it's anything
and everything I do.
revenge will be made
for Damienne. I promise.
Next time on "Fear Factor:
House Of Fear"...
Welcome to the Pain Auction.
a nonstop 24 hours of hell.
Oh. my God.
We're about to get hurt.
Any of you could be eliminated.
- What?
- Hot melted wax.
biting snakes.
electricity. needles!
This is a pie-eating contest.
This is the last supper
from hell.
I hope you came hungry.
Heh. heh. heh.
Everyone's puking.
Oh. Lord.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-